Oss to ee (#143)
kestra-io/kestra.io: docs/administrator-guide/configuration/kafka/README.md

---
# Kafka configuration

**Kafka is an Enterprise Edition functionality.**

## `kestra.kafka.client.properties`

> The most important thing is to configure the way Kestra connects to the Kafka cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most important thing is configuring how Kestra connects to the Kafka cluster.
```

```

> `kestra.kafka.client.properties` allows to pass any standard Kafka properties, more details can be found [on the Kafka Documentation](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kestra.kafka.client.properties` allows passing any standard Kafka properties. More details can be found [on the Kafka Documentation](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/).
```

## `kestra.kafka.defaults.topic`

> By default, Kestra automatically creates all the needed topics, you can change partition count and replication factor of these topics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Kestra automatically creates all the needed topics. You can change the partition count and replication factor of these topics:
```

```

## `kestra.kafka.defaults.topics`

> All the topics used by Kestra are declared with default name and properties. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the topics used by Kestra are declared with the default name and properties. 
```

You can change the default values:

- `kestra.kafka.defaults.topics.{{topic}}.name`: Change the name of the topic.
- `kestra.kafka.defaults.topics.{{topic}}.properties`: Change the default properties used during topic automatic creation.

You can see default configuration on this [file](https://github.com/kestra-io/kestra/blob/develop/cli/src/main/resources/application.yml).

## `kestra.kafka.defaults.consumer-prefix`

> This configuration allows to change the consumer-group prefix. By default, the prefix will be `kestra`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration allows changing the consumer-group prefix. By default, the prefix will be `kestra`.
```

```

## `kestra.kafka.defaults.topic-prefix`

> This configuration allows to change the topic name prefix. By default, the prefix will be `kestra_`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration allows changing the topic name prefix. By default, the prefix will be `kestra_`.
```

```

## `kestra.kafka.client.loggers`

> This configuration allows to enable logging for all messages processed by the Kafka cluster. Use it to debug all the messages consumed or produced on the Kafka cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration allows enabling logging for all messages processed by the Kafka cluster. Use it to debug all the messages consumed or produced on the Kafka cluster.
```

::: warning

> This configuration have a huge performance impact, using regexp and serialization for most of the messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration has a huge performance impact, using regexp and serialization for most of the messages.
```
